Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2                                                                                                                         The difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2 are                                                                                                                                                HTTP1.1                                     HTTP2            																																													 1. It works on the textual format.									It works on the binary protocol.                                                                                      2.There is head of line blocking that								It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.																			blocksall the requests behind it until 																																																																		it doesn’t get its all resources.  																																																																		3.It uses requests resource Inlining for 							It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages																														use getting multiple pages.																																																																				4.It compresses data by itself.																It uses HPACK for data compression.																																											
Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript																																																	bjects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript. These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol) in the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each (depending on their types).
        An object, is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.

      A JavaScript object has properties associated with it. A property of an object can be explained as a variable that is attached to the object. Object properties are basically the same as ordinary JavaScript variables, except for the attachment to objects. The properties of an object define the characteristics of the object.
             
                                                            objectName.propertyName


Like all JavaScript variables, both the object name (which could be a normal variable) and property name are case sensitive. We can define a property by assigning it a value. For example, let’s create an object named myCar and give it properties named make, model, and year as follows:
                                                                      var myCar = new Object();
                                                                       myCar.make = 'Ford';
                                                                   myCar.model = 'Mustang';
                                                                     myCar.year = 1969;
